I'm a developer who's passitionate about coding and creating great products. I live in Los Angeles and I'm currently doing my Master's in Computer Science at the University of Southern California. I code mainly in Python and Java. My main interests are in Machine Learning, Data Science and Web Development. My most impressive project was when I developed a Chrome extension to filter and flag extremist webpages at AngelHack 2017 in Dubai. We won the first prize and $500 at the three day event. 

I love to play video games in my free time; I'm a huge fan of the Dark Souls series. I like to play the 
guitar and read too. I have an unhealthy addiction to Reddit and Coke Zero. Hit me up if you want me on your team and let's build great things together.


Worked on the DSBox project which implements the D3M API developed by DARPA.
Implemented a Date Featurization module for the project which could identify and extract dates from a dataset with 99% accuracy.
Developed an algorithm for record linkage using the Record Linkage ToolKit developed by ISI. Obtained an F-score of 55% which was better than current state-of-art methods.


Kristal.ai, Bangalore, India
Data Science Intern,	January 2017 – May 2017
Worked on building a recommendation engine to match investors with investment portfolios (Kristals). Used an SVM model and implemented in TensorFlow + scikit-learn.
Devised and implemented an algorithm to determine the similarity of any two portfolios and accordingly rank them.
Wrote web-scrapers in Python to scrape financial data from websites like Bloomberg and Interactive Brokers. Scraped over 30GB of data which saved the company a lot of manual labour.
Vastly improved on existing chatbot system, which was made by an external contractor, by building an in-house chatbot using IBM Watson API in less than a month.

RedGirraffe, Delhi, India
Software Development Intern,	Summer 2016
Developed a Recommendation Engine for real estate properties in Python using scikit-learn. 
Deployed a RESTful web service for the same using Flask+NGINX. 
Used a collaborative filtering strategy by employing k-means clustering. Ideal due to lack of training data.
